  EXPERIENCE
  ----------
When you kill monsters, you gain experience points (xp) (you also 
receive one half experience for monsters killed by friendly creatures).
When you get enough xp, you gain an experience level, 
making your character more powerful. As they gain levels, characters
gain more hit points, magic points, and spell levels.

Additionally, the experience you gain is used for your experience pool.
This pool of points is used up whenever you practice a skill.


  SKILLS
  ------
Your character has a number of skills which affect his or her ability to
perform certain tasks. You can see your character's skills by pressing the 'm'
key; the higher the level of a skill, the better you are at it. Every time
your character gains experience points, those points become available to
increase skills. You convert experience points into skill levels by practising
the skill in question (eg fight with a certain type of weapon, cast a certain
type of spell, or walk around wearing light armour to practise stealth). The
amount of unassigned experience points is shown next to your experience total
on the main screen as well as on the skills screen, and the number in blue
next to each skill counts down from 9 to 0 as you get closer to gaining a
level in that skill.

You can elect not to practise a particular skill by selecting it in the skill
screen (making it turn dark grey). This means that you will be less likely to
increase that skill when you practise it (and will also not spend as many
experience points on it). This can be useful for skills like stealth which use
up points whenever you move. It can also be used on a specific weapon skill if
you want to spend more points on Fighting, and similarly with magic skills and
Spellcasting.

The species you have chosen for your character has a significant effect on
your rate of advancement in each skill. Some races are very good at some
skills and poor at others. If your character is naturally quick to learn a
skill, they will require less experience and take less time to advance in it;
being bad at a skill has the opposite result.
